Improving Documentation (#973)
iotaledger/hornet: docs/getting_started/getting_started.md

> # Getting started
> Running a node is the best way to use IOTA. By doing so, you have direct access to the Tangle instead of having to connect to and trust someone else's node, and you help the IOTA network to become more distributed and resilient.
> 
> Node software is the backbone of the IOTA network. For an overview of tasks any node is responsible for, please see [Node 101](./nodes_101.md).
> 
> To make sure that your device meets the minimum security requirements for running a node, please see [Security 101](./security_101.md).
> 
> > Please note: make sure you install Hornet version 0.6.0+ since it is the minimum version that targets IOTA 1.5 (Chrysalis) network. Version below 0.6.0 (such as 0.5.x) targets the legacy IOTA network which is not a focus of this documentation.
> 
> ## Recommended requirements
> To handle a potential high rate of messages per second, nodes need enough computational power to run reliably, including the following requirements:
> * 4 cores or 4 vCPU
> * 8 GB RAM
> * SSD storage
> * A public IP address
> 
> The amount of storage you need will depend on whether and how often you plan on pruning messages from your local database.
> 
> Hornet exposes different functionality on different ports:
> * 15600 TCP - Gossip port
> * 14265 TCP - REST HTTP API port (optional)
> * 8081 TCP - Dashboard/WebInterface (optional)
> 
> The mentioned ports are important for flawless node operation. The REST HTTP API port is optional and only needed if you want to offer access to your node's API. All ports can be customized in [config.json](../post_installation/config.md) file.
> 
> Please note: the default dashboard/webinterface only listens on localhost:8081 per default. If you want to make it accessible from the Internet, you will need to change the default configuration.
> 
> 
> ## Operating system
> Hornet is written in Go and can be deployed on all major platforms using several different installation methods.
> 
> Hornet ships as a single executable binary (`hornet` or `hornet.exe`) and some JSON configuration files, no further dependencies are needed.
> 
> ### Linux (and Raspberry Pi)
> Available installation methods:
> * [Hornet apt repository](./installation_steps.md#hornet-apt-repository) (RECOMMENDED)
> * [Docker image](./installation_steps.md#docker-image) (RECOMMENDED)
> * [Prebuilt binary files](./installation_steps.md#pre-built-binaries)
> * [Build from source](./installation_steps.md#build-from-source)
> 
> ### MacOS
> Available installation methods:
> * [Docker image](./installation_steps.md#docker-image) (RECOMMENDED)
> * [Prebuilt binary files](./installation_steps.md#pre-built-binaries)
> 
> ### Windows
> Available installation methods:
> * [Docker image](./installation_steps.md#docker-image) (RECOMMENDED)
> * [Prebuilt binary files](./installation_steps.md#pre-built-binaries)
> 
> ## Configuration
> Hornet uses several JSON configuration files that can be adjusted based on your deployment and use cases:
> * `config.json`: includes all core configuration parameters
> * `peering.json`: includes connection details to node neighbors (peers)
> 
> See more details regarding the configuration in [post installation](../post_installation/post_installation.md) chapter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Getting started
Running a node is the best way to use IOTA. By doing so, you have direct access to the Tangle instead of having to connect to and trust someone else's node. Additionally, you help the IOTA network to become more distributed and resilient.

Node software is the backbone of the IOTA network. For an overview of tasks any node is responsible for, please see [Node 101](./nodes_101.md).

To make sure that your device meets the minimum security requirements for running a node, please see [Security 101](./security_101.md).

> Please note: make sure you install Hornet version 0.6.0+ since it is the minimum version that targets IOTA 1.5 (Chrysalis) network. Versions below 0.6.0 (such as 0.5.x) target the legacy IOTA network which is not the focus of this documentation.

## Recommended requirements
To handle a potential high rate of messages per second, nodes need enough computational power to run reliably, including the following requirements:
* 4 cores or 4 vCPU
* 8 GB RAM
* SSD storage
* A public IP address

The amount of storage you need will depend on whether and how often you plan on pruning messages from your local database.

Hornet exposes different functionality on different ports:
* 15600 TCP - Gossip port
* 14265 TCP - REST HTTP API port (optional)
* 8081 TCP - Dashboard/WebInterface (optional)

The mentioned ports are important for flawless node operation. The REST HTTP API port is optional and is only needed if you want to offer access to your node's API. All ports can be customized in [config.json](../post_installation/config.md) file.

Please note: the default dashboard/webinterface only listens on localhost:8081 per default. If you want to make it accessible from the Internet, you will need to change the default configuration.

## Operating system
Hornet is written in Go and can be deployed on all major platforms using several different installation methods.

Hornet ships as a single executable binary (`hornet` or `hornet.exe`) and some JSON configuration files; no further dependencies are needed.

### Linux (and Raspberry Pi)
Available installation methods:
* [Hornet apt repository](./installation_steps.md#hornet-apt-repository) (RECOMMENDED)
* [Docker image](./installation_steps.md#docker-image) (RECOMMENDED)
* [Prebuilt binary files](./installation_steps.md#pre-built-binaries)
* [Build from source](./installation_steps.md#build-from-source)

### MacOS
Available installation methods:
* [Docker image](./installation_steps.md#docker-image) (RECOMMENDED)
* [Prebuilt binary files](./installation_steps.md#pre-built-binaries)

### Windows
Available installation methods:
* [Docker image](./installation_steps.md#docker-image) (RECOMMENDED)
* [Prebuilt binary files](./installation_steps.md#pre-built-binaries)

## Configuration
Hornet uses several JSON configuration files that can be adjusted based on your deployment and use cases:
* `config.json`: includes all core configuration parameters
* `peering.json`: includes connection details to node neighbors (peers)

See more details regarding the configuration in [post installation](../post_installation/post_installation.md) chapter.
```

# Getting started

> Running a node is the best way to use IOTA. By doing so, you have direct access to the Tangle instead of having to connect to and trust someone else node, and you help the IOTA network to become more distributed and resilient.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Running a node is the best way to use IOTA. By doing so, you have direct access to the Tangle instead of having to connect to and trust someone else's node, and you help the IOTA network to become more distributed and resilient.
```

> A node software is a backbone of IOTA network. For a overview of tasks any node is responsible for, please see [Node 101](./nodes_101.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Node software is the backbone of the IOTA network. For an overview of tasks any node is responsible for, please see [Node 101](./nodes_101.md).
```

To make sure that your device meets the minimum security requirements for running a node, please see [Security 101](./security_101.md).

> > Please note: make sure you install Hornet version 0.6.0+ since it is the minimum version that targets IOTA 1.5 (Chrysalis) network. Version below 0.6.0 targets original IOTA network

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Please note: make sure you install Hornet version 0.6.0+ since it is the minimum version that targets IOTA 1.5 (Chrysalis) network. Version below 0.6.0 targets the legacy IOTA network.
```

## Recommended requirements

> To handle a potential high rate of transactions per second, nodes need enough computational power to run reliably, including the following requirements:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To handle a potential high rate of messages per second, nodes need enough computational power to run reliably, including the following requirements:
```

* 4 cores or 4 vCPU
* 8 GB RAM
* SSD storage

> * A public IP address (nodes gossiping with other nodes)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* A public IP address
```

> The amount of storage you need will depend on whether and how often do you plan on pruning messages from your local database.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The amount of storage you need will depend on whether and how often you plan on pruning messages from your local database.
```

> Exposed a minimum set of ports:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Hornet exposes different functionality on different ports:
```

> * 14626 UDP - Autopeering port (depends whether autopeering is enabled)

Reviewer 2: There is no autopeering in Chrysalis Phase 2 Hornet.

Author: Removed autopeering from the docs

> * 15600 TCP - Gossip (neighbors) port

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* 15600 TCP - Gossip port
```

> * 14265 TCP - Rest API port (optional)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* 14265 TCP - REST HTTP API port (optional)
```

> * 8081 TCP - Default admin dashboard (optional)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* 8081 TCP - Dashboard/WebInterface (optional)
```

> The mentioned ports are important for a minimum flawless node operation. Rest API port is optional one if you want to provide access to your node's API calls from external parties. All ports can be customized in a [config.json](../post_installation/config.md) file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The mentioned ports are important for flawless node operation. The REST HTTP API port is optional and only needed if you want to offer access to your node's API. All ports can be customized in [config.json](../post_installation/config.md) file.
```

> Please note: a default admin dashboard on port 8081 does not accept connections from public traffic by default (only from localhost).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please note: the default dashboard/webinterface only listens on localhost:8081 per default. If you want to make it accessible from the Internet, you will need to change the default configuration.
```

> There may be also additional ports required in order to work with additional optional plugins, such as dashboard, etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

## Operating system

> Hornet is written in Go and can be deployed on all major platforms using a several installation methods.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Hornet is written in Go and can be deployed on all major platforms using several different installation methods.
```

> Technically speaking, once the Hornet is compiled then the whole app is included in a single binary executable called `hornet` (`hornet.exe` on Win) accompanied with a several configuration files in `json` format. No other extra dependencies are required.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Hornet ships as a single executable binary (`hornet` or `hornet.exe`) and some JSON configuration files, no further dependencies are needed.
```

> ### Linux (and Raspberry PI)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Linux (and Raspberry Pi)
```

Available installation methods:

> * [hornet apt repository](./installation_steps.md#hornet-apt-repository) (RECOMMENDED)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Hornet apt repository](./installation_steps.md#hornet-apt-repository) (RECOMMENDED)
```

> * [docker image](./installation_steps.md#docker-image) (RECOMMENDED)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Docker image](./installation_steps.md#docker-image) (RECOMMENDED)
```

> * [prebuilt binary files](./installation_steps.md#pre-built-binaries)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Prebuilt binary files](./installation_steps.md#pre-built-binaries)
```

> * [build from the source code](./installation_steps.md#build-from-the-source-code)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Build from source](./installation_steps.md#build-from-the-source-code)
```

### MacOS
Available installation methods:

> * [docker image](./installation_steps.md#docker-image) (RECOMMENDED)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Docker image](./installation_steps.md#docker-image) (RECOMMENDED)
```

> * [prebuilt binary files](./installation_steps.md#pre-built-binaries)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Prebuilt binary files](./installation_steps.md#pre-built-binaries)
```

### Windows
Available installation methods:

> * [docker image](./installation_steps.md#docker-image) (RECOMMENDED)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Docker image](./installation_steps.md#docker-image) (RECOMMENDED)
```

> * [prebuilt binary files](./installation_steps.md#pre-built-binaries)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Prebuilt binary files](./installation_steps.md#pre-built-binaries)
```

## Configuration

> Hornet uses a set of several `json` configuration files that can be customized based on your use cases:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Hornet uses several JSON configuration files that can be adjusted based on your deployment and use cases:
```

> * `config.json`: a configuration file that includes all core configuration parameters

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `config.json`: includes all core configuration parameters
```

> * `peering.json`: a configuration file that includes connection details to node neighbors (peers)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `peering.json`: includes connection details to node neighbors (peers)
```
